chore: add RS 8.9.0 release notes (#20959)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: app-shell/build/release-notes.md

By installing and using Opentrons software, you agree to the Opentrons End-User License Agreement (EULA). You can view the EULA at [opentrons.com/eula](https://opentrons.com/eula).

## Opentrons App Changes in 8.9.0

Welcome to the v8.9.0 release of the Opentrons App! This release updates quick transfer protocols with the same features as any other Flex protocol:

- Click the **Quick transfer** button in the Protocols tab to get started.
- Find quick transfer protocols in the Flex's run log.

> - Pin quick transfer protocols to find them quickly in the Protocols tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go to the Protocols tab on the touchscreen to start a quick transfer.
- Find completed quick transfers in the Protocols tab.
- Pin a quick transfer protocol to find it easily.
```
- clarify that QT is on ODD only
- "run log" refers to the steps of a protocol, not a list of protocols
- avoid "quick/quickly"

Author: thank you!
